docs(guides): Add scheduler event guide. (#133)
Cogmasters/concord: docs/guides/scheduler_event.md

# The scheduler event

> The scheduler event from Concord is the best way to get the RAW JSON that Discord sends to Concords, with it you can allow doing a lot of things, for example, you can make Concord ignore an event, or even better, just parse a JSON key manually to achieve the best performance from it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scheduler is one way to get the raw JSON from Discord's requests. This feature gives the developer fine-grain control over how an event behaves such that events can be ignored or spawn a worker thread. Additionally, the JSON key can be manually parsed to achieve the best performance.
```
Your details are there, but one way run-on sentences can be avoided is by noticing when comma splices (or using commas to start a new sentence) start to crop up.

Author: Thanks! But the scheduler does not retrieve the Discord's request JSON, only the Discord's websocket payload.

## How to use it

To usage of the scheduler is easy, take a look at the example below of printing the raw JSON from Discord of the MESSAGE_CREATE event and making Concord ignore the event:

```c
enum discord_event_scheduler scheduler(struct discord *client, const char data[], size_t length, enum discord_gateway_events event) {
    /* The "event" parameter is the parameter allows you to distinguish the events, and the data one is the JSON Discord sent. */
    if (event == DISCORD_EV_MESSAGE_CREATE) {
        log_debug("Received event JSON: %s", data);
        /* Returning the "event ignore" enum, that says to Concord to ignore the event. */
        return DISCORD_EVENT_IGNORE;
    }
    /* Here we are "saying" to Concord to handle the rest of the received events. */
    return DISCORD_EVENT_MAIN_THREAD;
    /* The "length" parameter can be used to parse the JSON, you can use jsmnf, from müller, in case you want to parse separated fields, or you can use discord_xxx_from_json() functions, in case you want to parse the whole JSON. */
}
```

> And this is it, but don't forget to add `discord_set_event_scheduler(client, scheduler);` to your code, otherwise, Concord will not use the scheduler.

Author: That's an awesome idea, thanks!

## How to parse the JSON (discord_xxx_from_json)

> This method is by far the easiest one, but it is not the fastest one, and you will need to free the returned struct, but this won't be a problem for most cases, so don't worry.
> 
> `discord_xxx_from_json` isn't a single function, it's a set of functions, one for each event, so you will need to use the correct one, for example, if you want to parse a `message create` event, you will need to use `discord_message_from_json`, but never forget to free the returned struct, otherwise you will have a memory leak.
> 
> Take an example of parsing a `message create` event using scheduler:
> 
> ```c
> enum discord_event_scheduler scheduler(struct discord *client, const char data[], size_t length, enum discord_gateway_events event) {
>     if (event == DISCORD_EV_MESSAGE_CREATE) {
>         struct discord_message self;
>         /* Parse the JSON and store the it in the "self" struct. */
>         discord_message_from_json(data, length, &self);
> 
>         log_debug("Message content: %s", self.content);
> 
>         /* Free the struct. */
>         discord_message_cleanup(&self);
>         return DISCORD_EVENT_IGNORE;
>     }
>     return DISCORD_EVENT_MAIN_THREAD;
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scheduler also allows the use of `discord_xxx_from_json()` to convert the JSON into a struct where you can then produce the logic you need. Here, `xxx` implies a family of functions. In this case, the `xxx` in `discord_xxx_from_json` can be replaced with events like `message_create`.

Here is an example of using the Scheduler to ignore the `MESSAGE_CREATE` event and print out its JSON:
```c
enum discord_event_scheduler scheduler(struct discord *client, const char data[], size_t length, enum discord_gateway_events event) {
    if (event == DISCORD_EV_MESSAGE_CREATE) {
        struct discord_message self;
        /* Parse the JSON and store the it in the "self" struct. */
        discord_message_from_json(data, length, &self);

        log_debug("Message content: %s", self.content);

        /* Free the struct. */
        discord_message_cleanup(&self);
        return DISCORD_EVENT_IGNORE;
    }
    return DISCORD_EVENT_MAIN_THREAD;
}
```
```
Make sure to keep the main idea first, and then make notes about it such as freeing the structure.

Author: Sorry, didn't understand, do you have remove the part saying the cons and pros of the section's method or move them to the final of the section?

Mhm, that's easy! Now, if you want to parse a single JSON key, you should see the next section.

## How to parse the JSON (jsmnf)

> This method is a bit more complicated, but it is the fastest one, and you will not need to free the returned struct, so it's a win-win situation.
> 
> Note that the `jsmn-find` library, the one we are going to use, it's the same which Concord uses for parsing.
> 
> Take an example of parsing a message content from `message create` event with scheduler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method trades simplicity for speed, but the returned structure does not have to be freed.

Note that the `jsmn-find` library, the one we are going to use, it's the same which Concord uses for parsing.

For example, a developer could parse message content from `message_create` with the following:
```
Personally, I'd keep phrases that arguable don't contribute to the guide out such as "it's a win-win situation." I also shortened some phrases that do contribute to let it flow with the guide.

Author: I would agree with the first one, but in the second I don't see any reason to add "a developer could parse", and saying "Take an example" is way better

        /* Check if the parsing was successful. */
        if (r < 0) {
            log_error("Failed to parse JSON.");
            return DISCORD_EVENT_IGNORE;
        }

        jsmnf_loader loader;
        jsmnf_pair pairs[1024];

        /* Set base variables of the loader struct. */
        jsmnf_init(&loader);
        /* Load jsmn-find with the tokens and the pairs. */
        r = jsmnf_load(&loader, data, tokens, parser.toknext, pairs, sizeof(pairs) / sizeof(*pairs));

        if (r < 0) {
            log_error("Failed to load jsmn-find.");
            return DISCORD_EVENT_IGNORE;
        }

        jsmnf_pair *content = jsmnf_find(pairs, data, "content", strlen("content"));
        if (!content) {
            log_error("Failed to find the \"content\" key.");
            return DISCORD_EVENT_IGNORE;
        }

        /* The maximum length of a content in Discord is 2000, so we will be used it */
        char contentStr[2000 + 1];
        snprintf(contentStr, sizeof(contentStr), "%.*s", (int)content->v.len, data + content->v.pos);

        log_debug("Message content: %s", contentStr);
        return DISCORD_EVENT_IGNORE;
    }
    return DISCORD_EVENT_MAIN_THREAD;
}
```

> Done! You will be parsing only the `content` key, and this allows you to build more features and systems, and use all that Concord has to offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will only parse the `content` key allows you to build more features and systems.
```
Like before, "Done!" and "use all that Concord has to offer" doesn't contribute anything to the guide and might be a touch misleading. I suggest keeping out any potential results that aren't limited to the guide.

Author: Did you mean to change "allows" to "allowing"? And "Done! ..." doesn't seems to be so bad at all, as it was included on the sqlite3 guide for example, but in case you want, I can do it.
